Electronics is a branch of science and engineering that deals with the study and application
of devices and systems that operate using the flow of electrons.
It involves designing, developing, and manufacturing electronic
circuits and components such as transistors, diodes, and integrated
circuits. Electronics is essential in modern technology,
powering everything from smartphones and computers to medical equipment
and automobiles. It relies on principles of physics and
materials science to create devices that process, transmit, and store
information. The field continuously evolves,
driven by innovations like semiconductors and microprocessors,
shaping industries and daily life.